consumption side and actually just
several days after the national people's
congress uh China rolls out a very
comprehensive plan on stimulating the
consumption. So can you uh discuss uh a
little bit about that? Yeah. Well, first
of all, I think that China's model or
let me be precise, political economy
model is really brilliant at scaling up
supply and quite weak at raising
personal uh consumption and therefore
demand and that has caused a lot of not
only domestic issues but raised some
international uh uh controversies as as
well. Um consumption is the big focus
now. The government is steadfast focused
on raising consumption. That was very
different from let's say 10 20 years ago
where the focus was much more on supply
on the firms. You know the whole economy
was geared to subsidize supply basically
and a very weak uh focus on demand. Now
there's a cyclical and structural
component to raising consumption that I
think deserves a
differentiation. Cyclally in the last